STAR TREK DEEP SPACE NINE:
LAST TIME ON
I KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
TO COMMANDER SISKO
AND THE OTHERS.
THE TRANSPORTER BEAM WAS
REDIRECTED AS IT PASSED
THROUGH THE POLARIZED PARTICLES.
REDIRECTED WHERE?
NOT WHERE-- WHEN.
YOU EVER HEAR OF
THE BELL RIOTS? IT IS ONE
OF THE MOST VIOLENT
CIVIL DISTURBANCES
IN AMERICAN HISTORY
AND IT HAPPENED RIGHT HERE--
SAN FRANCISCO
SANCTUARY
DISTRICT "A"
THE FIRST WEEK
OF SEPTEMBER, 2024.
BUT THAT'S ONLY
A FEW DAYS FROM NOW.
THE RIOTS WILL BE
ONE OF THE WATERSHED EVENTS
OF THE 21st CENTURY.
GABRIEL BELL WILL SEE TO THAT.
I STILL HAVEN'T
FOUND MY FRIENDS.
YOU THINK THEY MIGHT BE
IN A SANCTUARY DISTRICT?
IT'S POSSIBLE. IF YOU HADN'T
FOUND ME, I MIGHT HAVE WOUND
UP IN ONE.
THIS PLACE IS
ABOUT TO EXPLODE.
MOST OF US AGREED
TO LIVE HERE
BECAUSE THEY PROMISED
US JOBS, BUT I DON'T
KNOW ABOUT YOU,?
BUT I HAVEN'T BEEN ON ANY
JOB INTERVIEWS LATELY.
THAT MAN WHO
JUST GOT KILLED
TRYING TO HELP US--
THAT MAN WAS
GABRIEL BELL.
( crowd yelling )
GIVE ME THAT!
( pump loads gun )
GET AWAY, GET AWAY FROM HIM.
( gunshot )
C'MON, WE HAVE TO GET HIM
OFF THE STREET.
I'VE WAITED
A LONG TIME FOR THIS.
AND I KNOW I WON'T
BE DISAPPOINTED.
AIN'T THAT RIGHT, NEWBOY?
THE NAME IS BELL.
GABRIEL BELL.
AND NOW THE CONCLUSION.
HEY! WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING AT?
NOTHING.
IF YOU'RE TRYING
TO FIND A WAY OUT
FORGET IT... BERNARDO.
YOU AIN'T GOING ANYWHERE.
NONE OF YOU ARE.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO DO WITH US?
I WAS GOING TO LET YOU
THINK ABOUT THAT
FOR A LITTLE BIT.
NOW, EVERYBODY,
AGAINST THE WALL!
SIT DOWN
OVER THERE.
MOVE! MOVE IT!
IF ANY OF
THEM MOVES
SHOOT THEM.
NO ONE'S SHOOTING ANYONE.
MAYBE... MAYBE NOT.
WE NEED THEM ALIVE.
THEY'RE THE ONLY THING
WE HAVE TO BARGAIN WITH.
THINK I DIDN'T KNOW THAT?
JUST MAKING SURE.
WE NEED TO GET
THESE BLINDS CLOSED.
THE POLICE WILL
DROP SNIPERS
ON THE ROOFS
AND PICK US OFF
ONE BY ONE.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S USE
THE BENCHES AS BARRICADES.
AGAINST THE WINDOWS.
WE'LL STACK THEM UP
IT'S TOO BAD.
I KIND OF LIKE WATCHING
THIS PLACE BURN.
DROP YOUR WEAPONS!
( laughs )
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
YOU.
YOU'RE DEAD.
( yells )
SHUT UP!
( frantic screaming )
I SAID, SHUT UP!
LEAVE HER ALONE.
SHE'S JUST SCARED.
LISTEN, CALM DOWN.
NO ONE'S GOING
TO HURT YOU.
NOW GET OVER THERE
WITH THE OTHERS.
I KNOW YOU. I PICKED
YOU UP THE OTHER DAY.
I KNOW. IT'S MY WAY
OF SAYING THANK YOU.
NOW GET OVER THERE
WITH THE OTHERS!
HEY, NICE TACKLE, BELL.
B.C.:
YOU EVER PLAY ANY FOOTBALL?
BASEBALL, ACTUALLY.
REALLY? I'D HATE TO BE A CATCHER
AND SEEN YOU BARRELLING
TOWARDS HOME PLATE.
HEY, YOU, GET UP.
GET ON YOUR FEET!
LEAVE HER ALONE.
OH, NICE MOUTH.
ALL RIGHT. YOU GET UP.
I SAID, GET UP!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I JUST WANT TO SEE
ABOUT US ON THE NET.
WHAT THEY'RE SAYING
I NEED HIS ACCESS
CODE TO LOG ON.
DON'T MAKE ME ASK YOU AGAIN.
GET LOST.
AFTER YOU.
Bernardo:
WAIT. I'LL DO IT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SIT DOWN.
HEY, VIN, WE'RE NOT ON DUTY NOW
SO DON'T
GIVE ME ORDERS.
I JUST WANT TO MAKE IT HOME
IN ONE PIECE.
SMART BOY.
MOVE. GET BACK THERE.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING.
IT'S NOT GOING TO BE EASY
KEEPING THE HOSTAGES SAFE.
IT'S NOT JUST THEM
I'M WORRIED ABOUT
IT'S YOU.
DIDN'T YOU SAY
GABRIEL BELL DIED
WHEN THE POLICE
STORMED
THE BUILDING?
RIGHT, BUT I'M NOT BELL.
NO, BUT WE'RE THE ONLY
ONES WHO KNOW THAT.
Newscaster:
The National Guard is mobilizing
and should reach Sanctuary
District "A" within the hour.
Governor River stated that
the uprising will be quelled
and the district secured.
It's not clear how this
riot began, though rumors
and mounting tensions have been
filtering out of the district
for weeks.
THIS IS GREAT.
WE'RE ON EVERY CHANNEL.
I BET THEY'RE
WATCHING THIS IN CHINA.
SOUNDS SO SURPRISED?
WHY DO THEY
I MEAN, YOU TREAT
PEOPLE LIKE ANIMALS,
YOU'RE GOING TO GET BIT.
LET ME THROUGH.
HEY! WHO SAID YOU
COULD COME IN HERE?
IT'S OKAY. LET HIM IN.
KNOW THIS GIMMIE?
HE'S A FRIEND.
GO JOIN YOUR FRIENDS.
I'M GLAD TO SEE
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
SO MUCH FOR OUR
PEACEFUL DEMONSTRATION.
I KNOW IT'S NOT
WHAT WE TALKED ABOUT
BUT IT'S WHAT HAPPENED
AND NOW WE HAVE
TO DEAL WITH IT.
HOW? IT'S A MADHOUSE OUT THERE
AND THIS BUILDING IS
CRAWLING WITH GHOSTS.
THAT'S THE FIRST THING
WE HAVE TO FIX.
I WANT YOU TO GO OUT AND FIND
GIMMIES-- PEOPLE YOU KNOW
PEOPLE WHO CAN BE TRUSTED
TO GUARD THE HOSTAGES.
IF WE LEAVE IT TO THE GHOSTS
THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT COULD HAPPEN.
THE PEOPLE YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
I THINK I KNOW JUST
GOOD. WE'RE GOING TO NEED THEM.
HEY, BELL, YOU'RE MISSING
SOMETHING OVER HERE.
Sanctuary residents have looted
the district's
Newscaster:
food distribution centers,
and there are reports
of at least a dozen fires.
Many of the District
employees fleeing the riot
are reported injured
and several have yet
to be accounted for.
There's been no official
count of injuries among
Sancutary residents,
however satellite pictures
show a number of possible
casualties.
We'll have more on this story as
information becomes available.
THIS IS TERRIBLE.
I'VE GOT TO
GET DOWN THERE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
MY FRIENDS ARE IN THERE.
I KNOW
THEY ARE
BUT THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN DO.
I HAVE TO TRY.
JADZIA, YOU COULD GET HURT.
I CAN'T STAY HERE AND WATCH
THAT PLACE BURN KNOWING MY
FRIENDS ARE INSIDE.
LOOK. I HAVE FRIENDS
IN THE POLICE DEPARTMENT.
WHEN THINGS SETTLE DOWN
A LITTLE BIT, I WILL
TALK TO THEM.
I CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG.
BY THE TIME THINGS SETTLE DOWN
MY FRIENDS COULD BE HURT
OR EVEN KILLED.
THEY DON'T BELONG IN THERE.
NONE OF THOSE PEOPLE DO.
FIRST OFFICER'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
Kira:
SOMEHOW SISKO, DAX AND BASHIR
HAVE ALTERED EARTH'S HISTORY.
WE HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO SEND
AN AWAY TEAM INTO THE PAST
TO TRY TO FIND THEM AND CORRECT
THE CHANGES TO THE TIMELINE.
THE ONLY PROBLEM IS
WE'RE NOT EXACTLY SURE
WHERE TO LOOK OR WHEN.
ACCORDING TO OUR
COMPUTER SIMULATIONS
THE DEGREE OF
TEMPORAL DISPLACEMENT
IS DIRECTLY PROPORTIONAL
OF CHRONITON PARTICLES
TO THE NUMBER
INTERACTING WITH
THE TRANSPORTER BEAM.
UNFORTUNATELY, THERE'S NO WAY TO
KNOW THE EXACT CONCENTRATION
OF PARTICLES AT
THE TIME OF THE ACCIDENT
BUT I'VE NARROWED IT DOWN
TO TEN POSSIBILITIES
EACH ONE CORRESPONDING
WITH A DIFFERENT TIME FRAME.
ONE HAS TO BE RIGHT.
WE HOPE WE FIND
THE RIGHT ONE
BEFORE WE RUN OUT
OF CHRONITON PARTICLES.
I FEEL RIDICULOUS.
WELL, IT DOES EFFECTIVELY
DISGUISE YOUR BAJORAN HERITAGE.
JUST SAY
YOU BROKE YOUR NOSE.
ON THE OTHER HAND
MAYBE YOU BETTER SAY NOTHING.
I'LL DO THE TALKING.
THAT'S FINE WITH ME.
GOOD LUCK.
ENERGIZE.
O'Brien:
IF THIS IS WHERE
COMMANDER SISKO
AND THE OTHERS
MATERIALIZED
THERE SHOULD BE
A RESIDUAL
ELECTROSTATIC CHARGE.
KIRA TO SISKO.
KIRA TO DAX.
KIRA TO BASHIR.
JUDGING BY THIS VEHICLE
WE'RE IN
THE MID-20th CENTURY.
NO ONE'S RESPONDING
TO MY HAILS.
I'M NOT READING ANY
ELECTROSTATIC VARIANCE
OR DISTRESS SIGNALS.
THEY'RE DEFINITELY
NOT HERE.
HOW LONG BEFORE
THE TRANSPORTER REENGAGES?
ABOUT 30 SECONDS.
"Sweet Georgia Brown" )
( man humming
EVENING.
I... I BROKE MY NOSE.
I TOLD YOU NOT
TO SAY ANYTHING.
I'VE GOT ONE QUESTION
FOR YOU TWO:
WHAT ARE ALL THESE GIMMIES
DOING HERE?
I ASKED THEM TO HELP.
AND WHO INVITED YOU?
I DID.
LOOK, LAST TIME I CHECKED
THIS IS MY PARTY.
THAT MEANS I GET TO DECIDE WHO'S
ON THE GUEST LIST AND WHO ISN'T.
WE NEEDED PEOPLE WE COULD TRUST.
WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
HOW MANY GHOSTS DO YOU KNOW
CAN YOU REALLY TRUST?
ONE. ME.
AND THAT'S ENOUGH.
NO, IT ISN'T.
NOT HERE, NOT NOW!
WE NEED PEOPLE TO
GUARD THE BUILDING
WATCH THE EXITS
KEEP AN EYE ON
THE HOSTAGES
WHEN WE NEED
TO SLEEP.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
YOU MADE YOUR POINT.
JUST KEEP THEM OUT OF MY HAIR.
THE IMPORTANT THING TO DECIDE
IS WHAT WE'RE GOING TO DO
WITH THOSE HOSTAGES.
I'VE GOT IT ALL FIGURED OUT.
I BET YOU DO.
AND JUST TO PROVE
I'M NOT SUCH A BAD GUY
I'M GOING TO LET
YOU TWO IN ON IT.
IT'S SIMPLE.
WE TRADE THE HOSTAGES
FOR OUR FREEDOM.
A HANDFUL OF CREDIT CHIPS
WE GET AMNESTY,
TO ANYWHERE WE WANT.
AND A FLIGHT
I'M THINKING TASMANIA.
PERSONALLY,
TASMANIA...
ERROL FLYNN
WAS BORN IN TASMANIA!
LOOK, YOU GUYS GO WHERE
YOU WANT AND I'LL GO
WHERE I WANT, ALL RIGHT?
Webb:
YEAH, AND AS SOON AS WE STEP OFF
THE PLANE, THEY LOCK US UP.
BESIDES, WE JUST CAN'T
THINK ABOUT OURSELVES.
THERE ARE 10,000 PEOPLE HERE.
LET THEM GET THEIR OWN HOSTAGES.
Webb:
NO, GABE IS RIGHT.
THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR US TO BE HEARD, TO LET
PEOPLE ON THE OUTSIDE KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT'S
GOING ON IN HERE.
YOU WANT TO
MAKE DEMANDS?
I'LL GIVE YOU DEMANDS.
THEY WANT THE HOSTAGES
WE TELL THEM IF
THEY'VE GOT TO SHUT DOWN
THE SANCTUARIES.
THE FEDERAL EMPLOYMENT ACT.
AND REINSTATE
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE THEM THROW IN
A COUPLE OF SILK SHIRTS
MAYBE A PENTHOUSE IN SINGAPORE?
JOBS? YOU GUYS WANT JOBS?
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO GET IT?
THERE ARE NO JOBS.
NOT FOR US, ANYWAY.
THEY'LL FIND JOBS.
THEY'LL HAVE TO.
AFTER TONIGHT, THEY WON'T
BE ABLE TO IGNORE US ANYMORE.
ALL RIGHT. WE'LL DO IT YOUR WAY.
I'LL LOG ON THE INTERFACE
AND I'LL TELL THEM
THE DISTRICT CLOSED.
THAT WE WANT
NOT YOU, HIM.
WOULD HAVE NOMINATED YOU.
UH, FUNNY, I... I
WHAT?
IS THERE SOMETHING WRONG
WITH ME?
I COULD BE AS ELOQUENT
AS THE NEXT GUY.
I'M SURE YOU CAN
BUT THEY CAN'T DISMISS WEBB
AS EASILY AS YOU OR ME.
HE'S GOT THE FACE,
HE'S GOT THE FAMILY.
HE'S THE GUY NEXT DOOR.
AND THAT'S WHAT
THEY NEED TO SEE.
MY NAME IS MICHAEL WEBB.
I USED TO BE A PLANT MANAGER
AT CHEMTECH INDUSTRIES.
I'M SPEAKING FOR THE RESIDENTS
OF SANCTUARY DISTRICT "A."
WE ARE HOLDING SIX HOSTAGES.
WE DON'T WANT TO HURT THEM.
ALL WE WANT IS...
WHAT HAPPENED?
SOMEONE'S CUT OFF
OUR ACCESS TO THE INTERFACE.
I KNEW THIS WAS A WASTE OF TIME.
THEY DON'T CARE.
NO ONE CARES
ABOUT US.
WHY SHOULD THEY?
YOU'RE ALL
A BUNCH OF LOSERS.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
HE DIDN'T SAY
ANYTHING.
YOU HEARD ME.
I CALLED YOU A LOSER
'CAUSE THAT'S
WHAT YOU ARE
AND THIS TIME,
YOU'RE GOING TO LOSE BIG.
THAT'S ENOUGH!
AND CHECK YOUR E-MAIL, BUDDY.
YOU'RE A LOSER TOO.
Bashir:
IF YOU WANT
YOU BETTER HOPE YOU'RE WRONG.
TO GET OUT OF HERE,
QUIET DOWN, VIN. YOU'LL
ONLY MAKE THINGS WORSE.
I WANT THESE GUYS TO KNOW
WHAT THEY'RE IN FOR.
I BET THE NATIONAL GUARD
ALREADY HAS THIS
PLACE SURROUNDED.
SOONER OR LATER,
THEY'LL COME ROLLING
RIGHT IN
AND YOU PEOPLE AREN'T EVEN
GOING TO SLOW THEM DOWN.
I REALLY THINK
WE SHOULD KILL
THIS GUY.
( beeping )
MR. WEBB, I'M DETECTIVE PRESTON,
S.F.P.D.
It's urgent that I speak to you.
DID YOU SHUT OFF OUR ACCESS
TO THE INTERFACE?
I'M AFRAID IT'S DEPARTMENT
POLICY IN THESE TYPES
OF SITUATIONS
a chance to talk one-on-one.
but it does give us
ALL RIGHT. LET'S TALK.
FIRST, I WANT
TO SEE THE HOSTAGES.
WHAT FOR?
I NEED TO MAKE SURE
THEY'RE OKAY.
YOU SAID YOU WEREN'T
GOING TO HURT THEM.
I need to know
I can count on that.
THEY WANT TO SEE
A HOSTAGE?
LET'S SHOW THEM
A HOSTAGE.
TAKE A GOOD LOOK, LADY.
I got five more just like her
AND IF WE DON'T
GET WHAT WE WANT
THEY'RE GOING
TO GET HURT.
I THINK YOU'VE
MADE YOUR POINT.
HAVE I,
DETECTIVE?
I'D SAY SO.
B.C.:
Good.
LOOK, IF YOU DON'T MIND
I'D LIKE TO SPEAK
WITH MR. WEBB AGAIN.
WHY WOULD
I MIND?
ALL RIGHT, DETECTIVE,
I'M HERE.
YOUR FRIEND HAS QUITE A TEMPER.
THAT'S BECAUSE HE'S ANGRY.
WE ALL ARE.
B.C., LET ME
ASK YOU SOMETHING.
GO AHEAD.
WHY DO I GET
THE FEELING
THAT YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO BE HAPPY
UNTIL YOU'VE HURT ONE
OF THOSE HOSTAGES?
I HAVE TO ADMIT
THE THOUGHT HAS
CROSSED MY MIND.
IT MIGHT ALLEVIATE
SOME OF THE STRESS
I'M FEELING.
I THINK YOU'D
BETTER FIND A WAY
TO DEAL WITH
THAT STRESS.
IT'S SURE TO BE A LOT
HEALTHIER FOR YOU
IN THE LONG RUN.
NO KIDDING.
LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
YOU THINK IT LOOKS
BETTER LIKE THIS
OR LIKE THIS?
IT'S YOUR HEAD...
AND YOUR DECISION.
GABE, DETECTIVE PRESTON
WANTS TO MEET WITH ME.
WHEN?
NOW, BY THE MAIN GATE.
MAY I JOIN YOU?
I WAS HOPING
YOU'D SAY THAT.
KEEP AN EYE
ON THE HOSTAGES.
GOT IT.
GOOD LUCK.
IT'S BEEN A LONG NIGHT.
FOR ALL OF US.
YOU GUYS MUST
BE EXHAUSTED.
Webb:
WE'RE OKAY.
WE COULD USE SOME BREAKFAST
COME MORNING.
BREAKFAST
FOR 10,000?
THAT'S A LOT OF TAKE-OUT
BUT IN THE INTEREST
OF FRIENDSHIP
I'LL DO WHAT I CAN.
NOW, HOW ABOUT
RETURNING THE FAVOR
AND LETTING ME HAVE
ONE OF THE HOSTAGES?
NO HOSTAGE, NO FOOD--
IS THAT WHAT
YOU'RE SAYING?
NOT AT ALL.
YOU'LL GET THE FOOD EITHER WAY.
GIVING UP ONE OF THE HOSTAGES
WOULD SHOW GOOD FAITH.
BESIDES, YOU'D STILL HAVE
FIVE LEFT.
THOSE HOSTAGES
AREN'T GOING ANYWHERE
UNTIL WE GET WHAT WE WANT.
WHICH IS WHAT?
THE SANCTUARIES CLOSED
WE WANT
EMPLOYMENT ACT REINSTATED.
AND THE FEDERAL
THAT'S ASKING A LOT.
I DON'T THINK SO.
WHAT WE WANT IS TO GET OUT
FROM BEHIND THESE WALLS--
TO STOP HAVING TO
DEPEND ON HANDOUTS.
THAT'S RIGHT. ALL WE'RE
ASKING FOR IS A CHANCE TO
GET BACK ON OUR FEET AGAIN.
TO BE LOCKED UP IN HERE.
WE DON'T DESERVE
OBVIOUSLY, I CAN'T
MAKE ANY PROMISES
THE GOVERNOR HEARS YOUR DEMANDS.
BUT I WILL SEE TO IT
YOU DO THAT.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
Vin:
HEY!
LEAVE HER ALONE.
I'M A DOCTOR.
SURE YOU ARE.
YOU WERE HERE THE OTHER DAY,
WEREN'T YOU?
THAT'S RIGHT.
ARE YOU
HYPOGLYCEMIC?
YOU REALLY ARE A DOCTOR.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL SOMEONE?
I WAS AFRAID TO.
I'LL SEE ABOUT GETTING
YOU SOME MEDICINE.
IN THE MEANTIME I'LL
TRY AND FIND YOU A
CHOCOLATE BAR OR SOMETHING.
HE WAS HERE WITH YOU,
WASN'T HE?
BELL?
WE CAME IN TOGETHER.
HE GAVE ME A FALSE NAME,
DIDN'T HE?
WELL...
YES.
HE GOT INTO
A LITTLE TROUBLE
A WHILE BACK
AND UM... DIDN'T WANT YOU
TO PUT HIS REAL NAME
ON THE COMPUTER.
WHEN I FIRST STARTED
WORKING HERE
WHO HAD A WARRANT OUT ON HER
I PROCESSED A WOMAN
FOR ABANDONING HER KID.
SHE COULDN'T TAKE CARE OF HIM
SO SHE LEFT HIM WITH A FAMILY
THAT SHE WORKED FOR
OVER IN THE MARINA.
I FELT SO SORRY FOR HER.
I DIDN'T LOG HER IN.
I JUST LET HER DISAPPEAR
INTO THE SANCTUARY.
WELL, THAT WAS VERY KIND OF YOU.
WHEN MY SUPERVISOR FOUND OUT.
ALMOST GOT ME FIRED
WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS WOMAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT I THINK ABOUT HER
ALL THE TIME.
EVER SINCE THEN I'VE JUST
DONE MY JOB, YOU KNOW.
TRIED NOT TO LET IT
GET THE BEST OF ME.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT THAT
THINGS ARE THE WAY THEY ARE.
EVERYBODY TELLS THEMSELVES THAT
AND NOTHING EVER CHANGES.
( Sisko sighs )
HOLD IT!
DON'T! DON'T DO IT, B.C.!
GIVE ME ONE REASON WHY NOT.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU REALLY GOING TO
SHOOT ME, BELL?
I DON'T THINK SO.
THINK AGAIN.
I THOUGHT WE WERE ON
THE SAME SIDE HERE!
WE ARE, BUT YOU GET ON MY NERVES
AND I DON'T LIKE YOUR HAT.
NOW, PUT THE GUN DOWN.
YEAH, YOU AND I CAN SEE
HOW TOUGH YOU ARE.
SHUT UP!
NOW, PUT IT DOWN!
YOU HEARD THE MAN.
YOU GIMMIES...
NO SENSE OF FUN.
HEY!
COME HERE!
NOW, YOU LISTEN
TO ME CLOSELY
BECAUSE I'M NOT
GOING TO SAY THIS AGAIN.
THE NEXT TIME YOU
TRY SOMETHING STUPID
I WILL MAKE YOU REGRET IT.
YOU TRYING TO SCARE ME?
I'M TRYING TO SAVE YOUR LIFE
AND THE LIVES OF EVERY HOSTAGE
IN THAT ROOM
AND MISTER, YOU ARE
NOT MAKING IT EASY.
IF YOU'RE SO CONCERNED
ABOUT OUR WELFARE
WHY DON'T YOU
LET US GO?
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
ANY OF THIS IS ABOUT,
DO YOU?
YOU WORK HERE.
YOU SEE THESE PEOPLE EVERY DAY--
HOW THEY LIVE--
AND YOU JUST
DON'T GET IT.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY?
THAT I FEEL FOR THEM?
THAT THEY GOT A BAD BREAK?
WHAT GOOD WOULD IT DO?
IT WOULD BE A START.
NOW, YOU GET BACK
IN THAT ROOM
AND YOU SHUT UP.
( rock music blaring )
( yelling ):
KIRA TO SISKO.
KIRA TO DAX.
KIRA TO BASHIR.
( yelling ):
I'M NOT PICKING UP
ANY RESIDUAL
ELECTROSTATIC CHARGE.
WHAT?
I SAID,
I'M NOT PICKING UP
ANY RESIDUAL
ELECTROSTATIC CHARGE!
WHAT?!
THEY'RE NOT HERE!
THANK YOU.
UH-OH...
WOW.
DANNY.
DAD...
HE WAS OUTSIDE
LOOKING FOR YOU.
YOUR MOTHER AND JEANNIE--
ARE THEY OKAY?
THEY'RE FINE.
THEY'RE WITH THE PETERSONS.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
I WANTED TO BE
WITH YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. YOU CAN
STAY FOR A WHILE
BUT WHEN I
TELL YOU TO GO
I DON'T WANT
ANY ARGUMENTS.
I MANAGED TO FIND
SOME GLUCAJEN
IN WHAT WAS LEFT
OF THE CLINIC.
YOU SHOULD BE
FEELING BETTER SOON.
THANK YOU.
IS THAT
YOUR FAMILY?
YEAH.
LET HIM SEE IT.
NICE LOOKING BUNCH.
ABSOLUTELY.
RIGHT NOW, THOSE TWO KIDS
ARE SITTING AT HOME
WONDERING IF THEY'LL
EVER SEE THEIR DAD AGAIN.
LOOK, I REALIZE
THIS WON'T MAKE
WHAT YOU'RE GOING THROUGH
ANY EASIER
BUT SOMETHING GOOD
WILL COME FROM ALL THIS.
YOU THINK THEY'RE JUST
GOING TO CLOSE DOWN
THE SANCTUARY
AND LET YOU WALK
OUT OF HERE?
NO...
BUT I DO KNOW THAT SOMEDAY
THERE WON'T BE A NEED
FOR PLACES LIKE THIS.
Lee:
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
EVEN THOUGH IT'LL MEAN
I'LL BE OUT OF A JOB
I HOPE
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I JUST WANT TO GET HOME...
YOU KNOW?
I KNOW.
SO DO I.
THE GOVERNOR ASSURES ME
Preston:
THAT IF YOU LET
THE HOSTAGES GO
HE'LL REDUCE THE CHARGES
AGAINST YOU
TO INCITEMENT
TO RIOT.
THAT'S IT? WHAT ABOUT
CLOSING THE SANCTUARY?
WHAT ABOUT JOBS?
THE GOVERNOR WILL
FORM A COMMITTEE
TO LOOK INTO THE PROBLEMS
FACING THE DISTRICT RESIDENTS.
THAT NOTHING IS GOING TO CHANGE.
SO YOU'RE TELLING US
I WOULDN'T SAY THAT
BUT CHANGE TAKES TIME.
YOU'VE RUN OUT OF TIME.
GENTLEMEN...
IF I WERE YOU
I WOULD SERIOUSLY CONSIDER
TAKING THIS OFFER.
OR ELSE WHAT?
THE GOVERNOR IS NOT GOING
TO LET THIS SITUATION
CONTINUE FOREVER.
YOU TELL HIM IF HE WANTS
TO SEE THOSE HOSTAGES AGAIN
HE'S GOING TO HAVE
TO DO BETTER.
TOUGH TALK.
I WAS BLUFFING.
I COULDN'T TELL.
I HOPE SHE
COULDN'T EITHER.
TRY OPENING THAT MENU.
Sisko:
IT JUST BRINGS ME BACK
TO THE SAME SCREEN.
THERE DOESN'T SEEM
TO BE ANY WAY
OF GETTING PAST THE LOCKOUT
AND LOGGING ONTO THE NET.
THERE HAS TO BE.
HOW CAN YOU
BE CERTAIN?
BECAUSE ACCORDING TO HISTORY
THE RESIDENTS
WERE ABLE TO GET
ONTO THE NET
AND TELL THEIR SIDE
OF THE STORY.
MILLIONS OF
PEOPLE WATCHED.
WELL, NO ONE
HERE'S BEEN ABLE
TO GET PAST
THE LOCKOUT.
MAYBE IT WAS BELL.
AND IF HE DID IT,
WE HAVE TO ALSO.
B.C.:
HEY, LISTEN UP,
EVERYBODY.
A COUPLE OF DIMS JUST BROUGHT US
A LITTLE PRESENT.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU FELLAS,
BUT I'M IN LOVE.
JADZIA...
YOU KNOW HER?
JULIAN.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
THAT'S THE STORY OF MY LIFE.
ALL THE GOOD ONES
ARE TAKEN.
YOU REMEMBER
MY FRIEND GABE.
GABRIEL BELL.
GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
ALLOW ME TO
INTRODUCE MYSELF.
BIDDLE COLERIDGE.
BIDDLE?
HEY!
I DIDN'T SAY A WORD.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
ALL OVER FOR YOU.
Webb:
EXCUSE ME.
YOU OBVIOUSLY DON'T LIVE HERE,
SO HOW DID YOU GET IN?
I MANAGED TO RE-CODE
MY I.D. CARD
SO I COULD GET PAST
THE SANITATION
DEPARTMENT CHECKPOINT.
YOU CRAWLED IN
THROUGH THE SEWERS?
YOU MUST REALLY
LIKE THESE GUYS.
YOU SHOULD, UH, SIT DOWN.
YOU MUST BE
EXHAUSTED.
IT'S TOO BAD.
I THINK ME AND HER
COULD HAVE HAD
SOMETHING SPECIAL.
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS
EVEN IF I COULD GET YOU OUT
YOU WOULDN'T LEAVE.
THOSE HOSTAGES
HAVE TO BE PROTECTED,
WHATEVER THE COST.
YOU SAID THAT ONE OF THE MEN
WHO BROUGHT YOU HERE TOOK YOUR
COMBADGE?
THAT'S RIGHT. IT'S SET TO EMIT
A SUBSPACE DISTRESS SIGNAL.
JULIAN, I WANT YOU
TO HELP DAX FIND THE MEN
WHO TOOK
HER COMBADGE
AND THEN I WANT BOTH OF YOU
GET AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
BUT IF THE DEFIANT LOCKS ON
TO MY DISTRESS SIGNAL AND WE'RE
NOT TOGETHER--
AS SOON AS THE HOSTAGES
ARE IN POLICE CUSTODY
I'LL TRY TO MAKE IT BACK
TO THE BEAM-IN SITE.
IF FOR SOME REASON
I CAN'T MAKE IT, YOU'LL HAVE
TO LEAVE WITHOUT ME.
Bashir:
SIR...
JADZIA HAS GOT TO LEAVE.
OBVIOUSLY,
IF SOMETHING WERE
TO HAPPEN TO HER
IT WOULDN'T TAKE A DOCTOR LONG
TO FIGURE OUT SHE WASN'T HUMAN.
BUT YOU'LL STILL NEED HELP
TO KEEP THOSE HOSTAGES ALIVE
AND IF IT'S ALL THE SAME
WITH YOU, I'LL STAY.
ALL RIGHT.
SEE IF YOU CAN GET
HER COMBADGE BACK.
I'LL KEEP TRYING
TO LOG ONTO THE NET.
THE POLICE CUT OFF
OUR ACCESS.
THAT'S ONE PROBLEM
I MIGHT BE ABLE
TO HELP YOU WITH.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
Bashir:
YOU CAN CONVINCE YOUR FRIEND
TO PUT US ON THE NET?
IT'LL TAKE
SOME PERSUADING
BUT I THINK HE'LL DO
WHAT'S RIGHT.
THIS IS IT.?
THE MEN WHO TOOK
MY COMBADGE
BEFORE THEY TOOK ME TO
THE PROCESSING CENTER.
BROUGHT ME HERE
HELLO?
Man:
THERE'S
NOBODY HERE.
WE JUST WANT TO TALK.
WHOOSH.
I'M INVISIBLE.
IF YOU SAY SO.
YOU CAN SEE ME?
JUST... BARELY.
THAT'S OKAY.
AS LONG AS THEY CAN'T SEE ME.
WHO?
THE ALIENS.
THEY'LL SUCK YOUR BRAINS OUT
RIGHT THROUGH YOUR EARS.
I KNOW.
YOU SEE, I'M AN ALIEN.
I THOUGHT SO...
BUT YOU'RE A GOOD ALIEN.
RIGHT. I'M HERE
TO PROTECT
THE EARTH FROM ITS ENEMIES
BUT I NEED THAT PIECE OF JEWELRY
YOU'RE HOLDING TO DO IT.
HERE, YOU TAKE IT.
I UNDERSTAND.
GOOD LUCK.
THANK YOU.
SHH, DON'T TELL ANYONE.
I WON'T, I WON'T.
I CAME IN THERE.
TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.
WE'LL SEE YOU AT
THE BEAM-IN SITE.
LET ME SEE IF I UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU'RE ASKING ME TO DO.
YOU WANT ME TO OVERRIDE
A GOVERNMENT BLOCK
VIOLATE MY INTERFACE
OPERATING LICENSE,
AND TURN OVER MY CHANNELS
TO A BUNCH OF CRIMINALS.
THEY'RE NOT CRIMINALS.
I KNOW THAT.
BUT THEY ARE ACTING
LIKE CRIMINALS.
THEY HAVE GUNS,
THEY HAVE TAKEN HOSTAGES...
SO WHY DO YOU THINK
THEY'RE DOING IT?
DON'T YOU WANT TO KNOW?
DON'T YOU THINK THE PUBLIC
DESERVES TO KNOW?
YOU ARE ASKING ME
TO BREAK THE LAW.
TO GIVE THOSE PEOPLE A VOICE.
I AM ASKING YOU
CHRIS, SOONER OR LATER
THE GOVERNMENT IS GOING TO
RETAKE THE SANCTUARY DISTRICT
AND WHEN THEY DO, A LOT
OF PEOPLE ARE GOING TO DIE.
AND UNLESS THE PUBLIC LEARNS
WHY THE SANCTUARY RESIDENTS
DID WHAT THEY DID
ALL THOSE DEATHS
WILL BE FOR NOTHING.
YOU KNOW I'LL LOSE MY LICENSE.
BUT I'LL GET GREAT RATINGS.
MY NAME IS HENRY GARCIA.
I'VE BEEN LIVING HERE
TWO YEARS NOW.
I CAME TO SAN FRANCISCO
TO WORK IN A BREWERY
BUT THEY LAID A BUNCH OF US OFF
BECAUSE THEY GOT SOME
NEW EQUIPMENT, AND...
SO I ENDED UP HERE.
I'VE NEVER BEEN IN TROUBLE
WITH THE LAW OR ANYTHING.
I DON'T WANT TO HURT ANYBODY.
I JUST WANT A CHANCE TO WORK
AND TO LIVE LIKE REGULAR PEOPLE.
GOVERNOR, I UNDERSTAND
YOUR CONCERN
Preston:
BUT I THINK THE USE OF FORCE
WOULD BE PREMATURE AT THIS TIME.
I AM AWARE THAT THERE
HAVE BEEN DISTURBANCES
IN OTHER SANCTUARY DISTRICTS
BUT WE HAVE TO THINK
ABOUT THE HOSTAGES.
I KNOW, I'VE HEARD
THE RUMORS TOO.
THAT... THAT'S ALL
THEY ARE, RUMORS.
IF YOU JUST GIVE ME
ANOTHER CHANCE
TO TALK WITH WEBB
AND BELL, I...
YES, SIR.
OF COURSE.
WE'LL DO OUR BEST.
THE GOVERNOR'S
MADE UP HIS MIND.
WE MOVE IN AT 0500.
NO LUCK?
I'M AFRAID NOT.
WELL, WE KNOW ONE THING.
THEY ARRIVED
BEFORE THE YEAR 2048.
HOW CAN YOU BE SURE?
BECAUSE WE WERE
JUST THERE.
IT'S NOTHING LIKE
THE MID-21st CENTURY
I READ ABOUT IN SCHOOL.
IT'S BEEN CHANGED.
I MEAN, EARTH HISTORY
HAS BEEN THROUGH
ITS ROUGH PATCHES
BUT NEVER THAT ROUGH.
IF WE LIMIT OUR SEARCH
TO DATES BEFORE 2048
HOW MANY POSSIBILITIES
DOES THAT
LEAVE US?
ACCORDING TO MY
CALCULATIONS, THREE.
BUT WE ONLY HAVE ENOUGH
CHRONITON PARTICLES
FOR ONE MORE TRY.
WELL, PICK ONE, CHIEF.
LET'S HOPE
YOU GET LUCKY.
THAT'S MY BEST GUESS.
THAT'S GOOD
ENOUGH FOR ME.
ENERGIZE.
KIRA TO SISKO.
I'M PICKING UP A COMBADGE
DISTRESS SIGNAL.
IT'S DAX!
KIRA TO DAX.
Dax, do you hear me?
KIRA!
Dax, am I glad
to hear your voice.
WHERE ARE YOU?
of Polk and California.
O'Brien:
At the corner
I'LL MEET YOU THERE.
Are Sisko and Bashir with you?
Kira:
NO. I'LL EXPLAIN WHEN I SEE YOU.
THE TRANSPORTER IS
SET TO AUTOMATICALLY
RETRIEVE US
IN ABOUT A MINUTE.
DEACTIVATE
YOUR COMBADGE.
WE CAN REACTIVATE
THEM TOMORROW
IN TIME FOR
THE NEXT BEAM-OUT.
SHOULD BE
INTERESTING.
BEST BALL CLUB I EVER SAW?
Vin:
'99 YANKEES,
NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
THE '15 KINGS COULD
HAVE TAKEN THEM ANY DAY.
AM I RIGHT?
I WOULDN'T KNOW.
I PREFER TENNIS.
TENNIS?
SOCCER.
IT'S UP TO YOU, BELL.
I DON'T THINK THERE'S
ANY QUESTION-- THE KINGS.
'15 WAS BUCK BOKAI'S
ROOKIE YEAR.
THAT'S ALL THEY HAD
GOING FOR THEM.
I'VE BEEN UP ON THE ROOF.
IT LOOKS LIKE ANOTHER
NATIONAL GUARD UNIT ARRIVED.
THERE'S SOMETHING GOING ON
OUT THERE.
EVERYBODY
ON YOUR FEET.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THEY'LL BE SAFER
IN THERE.
LET'S GO!
I WANT YOU IN
THERE WITH THEM.
MAKE SURE THEY KEEP
THEIR HEADS DOWN.
I'LL SEE IF I CAN FIND
SOMETHING TO BLOCK THE DOOR.
DANNY... DANNY, WAKE UP.
COME ON.
IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO GO.
DAD, I WANT TO BE
HERE WITH YOU.
I'LL MEET UP
WITH YOU LATER.
TELL YOUR MOM I LOVE HER.
AND GIVE YOUR SISTER A KISS
FOR ME, HUH?
GO ON, NOW.
GO ON.
HEY, KID...
YEAH, I THOUGHT SO.
LOOKS GOOD ON YOU.
NOW GET LOST.
WHAT THE HELL.
IT'S PROBABLY RAINING
IN TASMANIA ANYWAY.
I'M GOING TO CALL PRESTON
AND FIND OUT WHAT'S GOING ON.
( whirring )
( helicopters approaching )
OH, MY GOD.
( groans )
STOP SHOOTING, DAMMIT!
WE'RE OKAY!
NO!
( shot )
BELL!
FREEZE!
I'M A HOSTAGE
YOU IDIOT!
THE PROCESSING CENTER IS SECURE.
BLUE LEADER,
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YOU PEOPLE?
YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN US
ALL KILLED.
THERE WERE RUMORS
YOU WERE DEAD.
DO I LOOK DEAD TO YOU?
TO PACIFY THE BUILDING.
OUR ORDERS WERE
YEAH...
WELL, YOU CERTAINLY DID
A GOOD JOB.
Bashir:
I'M A DOCTOR.
LEAVE HIM ALONE.
Man:
I COPY.
ALL RIGHT LISTEN UP, THERE'S
TROUBLE ON SECOND STREET.
Vin:
YOU GO PACIFY
SECOND STREET.
OFFICER CALVERA AND I
CAN HANDLE THINGS HERE.
GIVE ME THAT.
ALL RIGHT MEN, LET'S MOVE!
HOW IS HE?
LUCKY. HE'LL LIVE.
THE NEXT TIME I TELL
YOU TO STAY DOWN, YOU...
GOTCHA.
YEAH.
WHAT ABOUT WEBB?
HOW COULD WE HAVE
LET THIS HAPPEN?
THE QUESTION IS, HOW DO WE
STOP IT FROM HAPPENING AGAIN?
SO WHAT DO WE
DO WITH THEM?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU COULD LET US GO.
ALL RIGHT.
VIN!
THEY SAVED OUR LIVES
BACK THERE.
HOW CAN WE EXPLAIN
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THEM?
GIVE ME YOUR I.D. CARDS.
POCKET.
WE'LL SWITCH THESE
FOR TWO OF THE CASUALTIES.
AS FAR AS
ANYBODY KNOWS...
YOU BOTH DIED HERE.
IS THAT OKAY
WITH YOU, BELL?
THANKS.
MY PLEASURE.
COME ON.
LET'S GET YOU
OUT OF HERE.
ANYTHING ELSE
WE CAN DO FOR YOU?
THERE IS ONE
MORE THING.
Vin:
NAME IT.
TELL PEOPLE THE TRUTH
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED HERE.
Sisko:
WOULD HAVE DONE THAT ANYWAY.
Vin:
FIRST OFFICER'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
Kira:
UPON RETURNING TO THE PRESENT,
WE WERE RELIEVED TO DISCOVER
THAT THE TIMELINE
HAD BEEN RESTORED.
( door chimes )
COME IN.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
BETTER.
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
LIKE TO SEE THIS.
I FOUND IT IN
THE HISTORICAL DATABASE.
I'M NOT LOOKING
FORWARD
TO EXPLAINING THIS
TO STARFLEET COMMAND.
WELL, AT LEAST
IT'S A GOOD PICTURE.
YOU KNOW, COMMANDER
HAVING SEEN A LITTLE
OF THE 21st CENTURY
THERE IS ONE THING
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW COULD THEY HAVE
LET THINGS GET SO BAD?
THAT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
I WISH I HAD AN ANSWER.